feat: support BREAKING CHANGE (#168)
JoshuaKGoldberg/should-semantic-release: README.md

Based on a commit's conventional commit message type:

1. If the type is `feat` `fix`, or `perf`, it's considered "meaningful"

> 1. If the commit is marked as being a breaking change, either via a note or via an `!` appended to the type, it's considered "meaningful"

Reviewer: [Docs] Just to be a bit more precise, as I don't think everyone knows about the `BREAKING CHANGE:` convention

```suggestion
1. If the commit is marked as being a breaking change, either via a `BREAKING CHANGE:` at the start of any commit message lines or via an `!` appended to the type, it's considered "meaningful"
```
